About
Hi, My name is Marian Lu, and I am an Applied Statistics M.S. student at California State Long Beach. I'm interested in data science, machine learning, and AI. I did my undergrad at the University of Minnesota with a BS in Architecture and a minor in Statistics. Pretty crazy career pivot, huh? But I realized that I always like creating things, whether it's designing floorplans or building regression models. At the end, they are both something that I love.
I consider myself a self-motivated person. I self taught myself HTML/CSS/javacript, machine learning concepts, and other programming concepts outside of school and work. I am quick to pick up new skills and am always working to improve.
In my free time, I like to draw, play TTRPGs and League of Legends, compose music, and recently, design websites. A goal of mine is to someday solo develop an indie game, but that will be a long time in the making.


##### Projects and their descriptions

Web Scraping
I used the package BeautifulSoup to scrape data frome Indeed. Through this project, I got experience with website scraping APIs, HTML parsing, and data cleaning. 
                I was also pleased to discover that being familiar HTML and CSS was helpful in understanding page structure so that means I didn't self-teach myself those for no reason. 
                Who knew knowing web development languages came in handy in statistics?
                This project is still in progress, but I'm excited to analyze the data I've extracted.

Clinical Tracker Dashboard
The program tracks the progress of a clinical trial. 
                The program takes in datasets as input and categorizes patients by groups specified by the biostatisticians. 
                Since the program is intended to be used by biostatisticians and medical writers who may not have much experience with programming, I built a dashboard with a user friendly UI to expand 
                the scope of users.
                In addition, the names of variables are not standardized across datasets, so the dashboard adapts to the input and automatically offers the existing variables as options in a 
                dropdown menu.

CoM website
Used HTML and CSS to build a website from scratch. The website is an archive for a TTRPG ran with my friends. 
                This was only for personal use, so I had room to be creative and customize the site at my own pace. 
                Through this project, I learned a lot about web development and gained understanding in cloud based platforms.
                This website is hosted on AWS, and I had the opportunity to be an AWS user.

LoL win prediction
A very simple decision tree that predicts the win probability of a League of Legends game based on the first 10 minutes.
                I was curious to how the win probability is determined by the overlay in pro League of Legends matches, 
                so I was inspired to build my own prediction model as practice.